[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>And this is why
from the Pistis Sophia
I cite this quote every
time I give a presentation.
If you hear nothing
else from me,
I will hope that you will
listen to this and refer to it
often, because I believe
it's the mission statement
for our incarnation on Earth.
In answer to a question
by Mary Magdalene,
Jesus says, "Cease not
to seek day and night
and remit not yourselves
until you find the purifying
mysteries, which will
purify you and make you
into a refined light so
that you will go on height
and inherit the
light of my kingdom."
"Cease not to seek day and
night and remit not yourselves
until you find the purifying
mysteries which will purify you
and make you into
a refined light
so that you will go
on height and inherit
the light of my kingdom."
What happened to
those teachings?
Where did they go?
They're in the
air all around us.
That's the answer to me.
Jesus, Mary Magdalene
downloaded this knowledge
into the thought-sphere
that surrounds this planet--
the thought-sphere.
Just like there's
an atmosphere, just
like there's a soul-sphere,
there is a thought-sphere.
This is why two people separated
by vast distances living
on different continents
can have the same idea.
They just pull it out
of the thought-sphere.
John Lennon said,
hey, I didn't write
a lot of those Beatles songs.
I just put my name on them.
They came to me fully formed.
They dropped out of
the thought-sphere.
And that's where I'm
convinced these teachings are.
We just need to recognize that
our divine spark can access
these teachings while our
conscious mind might not
be able to.
And we begin to put ourselves
in resonance with them
by looking for them, by
asking for these downloads.
This is our mission
statement for life.
Why am I on Earth?
Boom.
It's not spend my days
shopping at Wal-Mart.
It's not going-- he doesn't
say, go to the mall,
shop till you drop,
burn yourself out
in a career you hate.
It's find these mysteries.
What we're talking about with
these purifying mysteries
is called the rainbow body.
And in future
lectures, you're going
to hear me talk about the
rainbow body more and more.
I had a wonderful experience--
just a brief anecdote.
I was recently at a conference,
and a really lovely couple
came up to me, and they're
like, yeah, you're right on it.
What you're talking
about with this
the body is a wormhole,
that's really cool.
We're PhDs from the
Harvard Divinity School,
and we've been to India,
and we've been to Tibet,
spent years there talking
with the Lamas there.
And they talk about
dissolving the body into light
and then entering into
a pinpoint of light.
But they said, what
they're not adding
is the piece that you're adding,
that that light is a wormhole.
It's like, yes, that's
exactly what I'm saying.
And so now what we're trying
to do is bring the Tibetan
tradition together with
modern Western science,
beliefs in wormholes because
I believe that that's
what they're describing.
These Lamas at the
time of their death,
they would go sit
in a chamber for 49
days, the period of incubation.
After 49 days, there was
nothing left in the chamber.
They dissolved
themselves into light
and entered another
realm through a wormhole.
That's what we're understanding
today is how they did it.
And I think the
ancient Egyptians
and possibly the Atlanteans
had that understanding as well.
And this is why this
is so important,
the statement from Jesus, "The
light of the body is the eye.
It therefore thine eye
be simple, thy whole body
will be full of light."
Thy whole body will
be full of life,
become focused on your
body as a light entity
and refine that light, purify
it through your thoughts,
through your diet, through
your spiritual application
and however you want
to exemplify that.
This is how we begin to put
ourselves in tune or resonance
with these teachings.
And so when John the Baptist
baptized Jesus in the River
Jordan, it's important for us
to recognize, first of all,
that that word "Jordan" comes
from the Babylonian word
Eridanus, which
means River of Life
and was applied
to the Milky Way.
So maybe he wasn't baptizing
him in a polluted river
in Palestine after all.
Maybe John the
Baptist was initiating
Jesus in some star knowledge,
esoteric knowledge that came
from or about the Milky Way.
And what we see
here is this angel
waiting to give Jesus his
new cloak, his new garment.
And that's a very
important concept,
because that is a
light body that he
is receiving-- a light body.
When John the Baptist
appeared on the scene,
they asked Jesus, hey,
who is John the Baptist?
He said, well, I
think he's Elijah.
I think he's the
reincarnated Elijah.
Well, it's very interesting,
because before Elijah ascended
into the heavens in a whirlwind,
he turned to his priest Elisha
and transmitted to
him a garment called
his mantle, which I believe
is symbolic of this teaching.
Elijah said, hey, buddy,
I'm going to dissolve myself
into the whirlwind.
I'm going to enter
this other dimension.
But, hey, baby, if you
want to do it, here you go.
Here's the teaching right here.
And Elisha hung on to it.
Then it appears to me that
when Elijah comes back around
as John the Baptist, he went
and recovered that cloak.
I call it the cloak of
the Illuminati, the cloak
of the illumined ones.
There is an earthly
counterpart to that.
As we develop this light body,
it changes our earthly body.
According to Wally Budge, a few
of the many powers possessed
by these cloak-clad oracles,
as they were called,
include healing the sick,
cloaking his companions
in an incorruptible body,
manipulation of matter,
predicting the future.
Isn't that what the
Seal of Solomon did?
Didn't it also produce
those wonderful things?
And so maybe there's a
correlation between those two.
Mary Magdalene is also
connected with the mysteries
of this cloak, or
this garment of light.
So is Osiris, who is portrayed
here and his pupal form--
pupal, P-U-P-A-L, like
the caterpillar preparing
to transform itself
into a butterfly.
Except in Egypt, they call that
garment the crossed garment.
I like to joke that here
when you speak Southern,
people say, hey, I'm going
to the church of "Chrast."
Little do they realize
they're actually
utilizing an ancient
Egyptian word, "karast."
And what "karast"
referred to originally
was a garment of light
put on the body of Osiris.
It referred to the transfigured,
re-erected mummy otherwise
called the karast and
was the supreme symbol
of the Egyptian mysteries.
Here you go.
Here's your karast body,
your garment of light.
You're good to go,
ready to launch.
And so I return once again to
the quote by Terence McKenna.
"We are like caterpillars
in a pupal form,
contemplating pupation,
transformation."
No longer will I chew
on the cabbage leaves.
You won't catch me at
Burger King anymore, honey.
No longer will I spend
my time moving around
on the underside of the foliage.
Nope.
Not going to do it.
Instead, my life, as Jesus
said in the Pistis Sophia,
must be a preparation
for a transition
to another dimension.
I'm committed to go return
to the immortal realm
of the Barbelo to live
with the light beings.
And we find example after
example in ancient art
of this transformation.
Osiris is wrapped
in his karast body,
his tight-fitting holy shroud.
Isis stands above
him, beaming him
energy, lifting his vibration.
Again, this could be the star
Sirius beaming this higher
energy to us, with Osiris
representing the Earth.
But either way, the
ship that Osiris
is going to ride
upon into eternity,
the way the Egyptians
portrayed it is exactly
the way Professor
Stephen Hawking portrays
a wormhole today.
Stephen Hawking a
reincarnated Egyptian priest?
Can't say that.
But I can't say
for sure he better
check out some of this
ancient Egyptian imagery,
because this has all
been done before.
And we're on the
threshold of awakening
today, where we
can understand what
is going on here
and the potential
that that leaves for us.
Can wormholes lead
to time travel?
Oh, yeah.
This is how they used
to portray the stairway
or ladder to heaven.
This is once again from
Notre Dame Cathedral.
This is how I show Mary
Magdalene contemplating
the same mysteries
today on the cover
of my DVD, "Stairway to Heaven,"
Mary Magdalene in a state
of ecstasy.
Our brain is a wormhole.
It is our brain that can
contemplate the wormhole.
And I just find it kind of--
I guess humorous is the word.
If you take your human
ears and go like this,
it looks like the mouths are
the gates of the wormhole,
and the folds of
our brain does look
like a squinched-up
serpent, or worm.
And so that's where
I get this notion
that I think our brain
is actually the place.
Descartes said the pineal
gland is the seat of our soul.
And it could well be that that
divine spark I'm describing
doesn't actually live in the
heart, as you might think.
It actually wells
in the pineal gland.
And to the extent that we
contemplate such imagery
and understand it and
the transformation
that is encoded within
such imagery, now
we begin that process
of activation.
So again, to activate the temple
of light for our evolving soul,
we've got to liberate
ourselves from the delusion
that we're helpless.
We've got to reconcile the
opposite polarities within.
And the example I cite
for this is very simple.
I cite it almost every
time I give a presentation,
because like the
statement of Jesus,
this goes along with that.
And this is the
lesson of Earth life.
It's 12 lines brought to
life in our imagination that
are projected on a
screen-- if we accept
that this three-dimensional
cube is merely 12 lines brought
to life on our
screen, then we have
to accept the possibility that
this remote control is also
something different than
it first appears to be.
In fact, the physics
teacher would tell us
that this remote control,
while it appears to be solid,
is, in fact, not solid at all.
It's merely a collection of
atoms, molecules, and energy
in motion that's brought
to life in our imagination,
and we agree that
this thing is solid.
If that's true, and
I believe it's true,
then this cube offers us
a very important piece
of understanding.
Because if you look at this
cube from one perspective,
it looks like you're
looking into it,
looking at it from the bottom.
But now if we shift
our perspective
and look at it
from the top down,
now it looks like another
cube manifests before us.
If we call the bottom way
fear and the top way love,
it provides for us the
two ways we typically
approach people and situations
here in this realm and the way
that they approach us.
Those are really the
only two emotions.
It's either love or fear.
Everything else
is simply a shade
or a variation of love or fear.
The Hopi tell us as we
get closer to 2012 only
love can exist in our
heart because more
and more, our thoughts
and our actions
are going to become
instantly real.
That means we can't be in
the terror zone anymore.
We've got to find a way to get
into the love zone, the tara,
or compassion and
enlightenment, zone
so that we can be in balance
and in harmony with this shift.
Once we do that, our
three-dimensional cube
becomes the core of a
fourth-dimensional hypercube.
More and more, we find
ourselves interacting
with the other dimensions and
higher capabilities within us.
Because it is love within us
that activates these higher
capabilities.
And that is the reward for
focusing on the love zone,
is access to these higher
dimensional realms.
Our lack of or
misunderstanding or darkness
concerning these other
dimensions is the fall.
Eden is that frequency
of love or vibration.
It is the Garden of Galaxies.
And when they talk
about a fall, the fall
is the fall from this
original unity and access
to transdimensional stargates,
wormholes, and higher
capabilities within our body.
The fall is from this original
unity, this multiplicity.
This is why all spiritual
teachings describe this path
as a path of healing, because
its goal is wholeness,
W-H-O-L-E-N-E-S-S. But the
goal is really holiness,
H-O-L-I-N-E-S-S. As we
become whole, we become holy.
And that's what enables us to
open the holes in space time
and step through them.
That is what our goal is.
The goal is wholeness,
it's holiness,
and the unity of all
things on a higher level.
That's what we're striving for.
Here's how we get things
to happen in the 3-D world.
You have an inspiration.
We think the thought about it.
We put emotion into it.
Then with effort, usually
lots of it and lots of time,
then something can happen.
We've all bought into this.
We were raised this way.
It's part of the
American thought-sphere
especially-- hard work.
You really want something,
put your mind to it
and put a lot of effort
into it and a lot
of time and maybe some luck.
You'll get it, OK?
No matter what the goal is,
that's the process that we all
have bought into,
that this is the way
it works in the real world.
But in the 4-D world, the one
we're embracing and activating
within ourselves, the sequence
that leads to manifestation
looks like this.
You have the inspiration,
put the thought into it,
really focus on
the emotion, feel
what it would be like
on every possible level
to achieve that manifestation,
and it will happen.
What's missing?
Effort and lots of time--
that's the big shift,
that we can actually
bring things
into instant manifestation.
That's what we're
stepping into, and that's
part of the value of
stepping into this
or embracing this
kind of thought.
That transforms us into fools.
Because everybody knows
you can't get shit
without really
working your ass off.
So you're a fool
to believe that.
Wrong.
The fool in the ancient
world was not an idiot.
The fool was fearless.
But I don't like to
call anybody fearless,
because I don't
want to be fearless.
I want to be what?
Full of love-- that's the
opposite of fearless, isn't it?
And if I'm full of love,
then what that means
is that I have the power
of instant manifestation.
I'm an alchemist,
in other words.
I can take lead and turn it
into gold with my thoughts,
with my energy, with my emotion.
And the emotion that transforms
and transmutes is not fear.
The emotion that
transmutes and transforms
is love, or a hyperlove.
What I'm showing you here
is actually a tarot card.
It was Thoth, that Egyptian
god of divine magic and alchemy
who is credited with the
creation of the tarot deck.
Thoth was the great
initiator of ancient Egypt.
We see here from
the Temple of Edfu,
the pharaoh preparing to
scale the ladder to heaven.
And note the musical term.
He's going to scale it.
He's going to put himself
at the same frequency
or vibration as the
ladder to heaven
and then enter that heavenly
realm, which is symbolized here
by Thoth levitating before
this utensil, or device.
And the ship that the
figure or the pharaoh
is going to sail upon
is the Bark or Ark
of the Millions of Years,
which is the whole wormhole
concept illustrated once again.
So in my view, the word
"tarot" means royal path.
And what the tarot provides
for us is that royal pathway.
And the royal path
is from zero to hero,
22 cards in the major
arcana beginning with 0,
the Fool, the fearless
one, the one full of love,
who is seeking the gate to the
higher realms, the gate here
being symbolized by the
almond-shaped doorway called
the amandorla.
To activate the
temple of light, we
must reconcile the
opposites within
and unite the rod and ring.
And that's what I
want to talk about.
And the way I want
to talk about that
now is by utilizing some
imagery from the tarot,
especially from the
ancient Egyptian tarot
by Clive Barrett.
In ancient Egypt,
male and female
were portrayed very distinctly.
And by that, I mean
the females were always
portrayed with Caucasian-type
skin, pale yellow to white.
The men were always
portrayed red, red and white.
This is why in
alchemical depictions
you'll see the red king
and the white queen.
This goes all the way
back to ancient Egypt.
And what they're describing
with the red king
and the white queen is the
unity of male and female,
the rod and ring,
the reconciliation
of the opposites.
In the tarot, in
the sun card, we
see the male and
female arm in arm
underneath the big,
beautiful ball of sun
with the mount of
creation behind them.
And what we notice
is that they're
standing in a ring, a circle,
of all the colors of a rainbow.
Now, Clive Barrett doesn't say
this, but what I'm suggesting
is that they're standing in
the ring of what is called
the ring of cosmic sovereignty.
They're standing in the
gate of manifestation.
This male and female figure
are our inner male and female
figure.
And as we reconcile the
opposites within ourselves,
within our inner
male and female,
this is what puts us in that
state or vibration of love that
enables that vibration.
I've been reading
the tarot for, gosh,
I don't know, eight years
now or so professionally.
And very often when people
come to me for a reading,
this is one of the
cards that pops up.
This is the eight of swords.
And this is where
people find themselves
when they come to me.
They're on one side
of this precipice,
and all the good stuff they
want is on the other side.
But there's no bridge.
There's no rope.
There's no ladder.
There's no apparent way for
them to get across here.
And what they're really
asking me is, how am I
going to get across there?
First thing I tell
them is that these
swords that we see in front of
us here aren't really swords.
In the tarot, I believe
those are words.
Because when you take the
letter S off the word "sword,"
you're left with "words."
And what I try to
identify in the reading
right off the bat is what are
the words, the vibrations, that
are in front of you that are
keeping you locked in place?
Very often those words
are "I'm lonely,"
"I'm in a terrible
marriage," "I'm
not experiencing the
fulfilled career I want."
No matter what it is,
the bottom-line word
that it all gets condensed
down to is "I'm afraid."
And that's why they stay here.
As they're at this place, they
have really only two choices.
One, they can go back
around the other side.
Three, six, eight
weeks, months, or years
later-- whoops--
they're going to come
right back to this same place.
Because usually we
want to avoid fear.
We want to avoid pain.
And we think we might
be able to sidetrack it.
And once they come
back to this place,
they only have two
more choices again.
They can go back around the
other way, which is frequently
what happens.
Three, six, eight
weeks, months, years--
whoops-- they're right
back to this place again.
Or they can begin to
set their sights on what
it is that they do want.
Again, here are some examples
of what people don't want.
They'll say, I'm
overspending, I'm stuck,
I'm not fulfilling my real
potential, I'm alienated,
I'm isolated, I'm alone,
I'm not connected.
This is my favorite one.
I'm packing spiritual power.
[LAUGHTER]
And so I asked
that woman, I said,
what do your closets
look like at home?
[LAUGHTER]
She said, well, they're stuffed.
I said, yeah, you're packing
spiritual power, all right.
You're packing it
away in your closet.
What she meant is that
I'm a real powerful person
spiritually, but I'm packing it.
I'm stuffing it away.
And again, the bottom
line is I'm afraid.
And what we're trying to
do in this path, which
the tarot helps us
with, is to get unstuck
and to not be afraid anymore.
But we don't want to
be afraid anymore.
We want to be in love.
But it's a narrow bridge
that leads to this path here.
And that's kind of the hitch.
And that's why there's fear.
Yeah, we can take a few steps,
but like the guy in the center,
it's a real balancing act, as
you probably all experienced
it-- yeah, hey, I'm taking off
on these ascension teachings.
And your family might have
said, what, are you crazy?
Just stick with the
church, as an example.
What's wrong with the church?
Here's the hold-up
for many of us.
We all have an inner
male and female side.
It sounds like a dumb
question when I ask people,
do you recognize you have
a male and a female side?
I might as well just
ask, hey, do you
know the moon is
made of green cheese?
Because they think it's
a really stupid question
or it's completely irrelevant,
when, in fact, that's
the starting place,
because we all
have this polarity within
us, this opposites.
They're often at war
with one another.
Consequently, if our inner
male and female look like this,
guess what your relationships
are going to look like out here
in the real world?
The exact same way.
And so we all have this
inner male and female,
and one thing that I've
observed in reading the tarot
is that in a traditional
relationship,
the male feels like its
primary responsibility
towards the female is to
protect her, to provide for her.
But behind that is a
really important one,
and that is she just wants
him to pay attention to her.
Turn off the football game.
Don't work so late.
Pay attention to me,
not your computer.
That's what she really wants.
But the male is like,
well, if I don't
work all these
long hours, how do
you think I'm going to pay
for taking you out to dinner?
Or whatever the excuse is, and
so the male and the female,
she's in tears on
the bench here.
He's staring out the window
going, women-- geez, man.
Whew.
What are we going to do here?
And so we've got to
find a way to reconcile
these opposites within.
The problem is, here's the
male side's natural domain.
This is where the male side
focuses his energy and emotion
for the most part.
Looking up at these swords
are actually words above him,
which represent what
he doesn't want-- oh, I
don't want to go
broke; I don't want
to work in this job--
everything that we don't want.
And it's usually worry,
fear, stress, anxiety, doubt.
But the really big one
is disbelief-related.
The male side just
simply usually
does not believe that it can
make a change in its life.
It does not want to step out
and try to make a change,
because that means
stepping into the unknown.
And that brings about fear.
And what that brings
about is paralysis--
sitting on the couch at home,
probably a Corona beside him,
focusing on worry, fear,
stress, anxiety, and doubt.
While all along right beside
him is the ankh, or key of life,
the symbol of our escape or
release from this condition.
So what I'll do in the
course of a reading
is I'll be listening at
first and going along,
and we get a whole list of,
hey, this is what I don't want.
I'm stuck, I'm
alone, I'm isolated,
I'm broke, whatever it is.
And then I'll ask another really
dumb question, even dumber
than, do you recognize you
have a male and a female side?
And that question
is, well, we just
went through what you don't
want-- what do you want?
What you mean what do I want?
It's like nobody ever asks
you, what do you want?
And very often,
there is silence.
I don't know what I do want.
Well, very often,
what you do want--
guess what-- is the opposite
of what you don't want.
[LAUGHTER]
So I'll just suggest, what's the
opposite of feeling isolated?
Connected.
What's the opposite
of being shut down?
Activated.
What's the opposite
of being unfulfilled?
Fulfilled.
And so we'll start to
generate this list,
and I'll put them in
a circle like this
with a dot in the center.
And I'll say, OK, this
is what we do want.
The problem is that
this is what we do want,
but we're still vibing
at the frequency
of what we don't want.
That male side keeps putting
out that thunderstorm energy,
saying, hey, yeah,
try coming near me.
I'll knock your socks off.
Yeah, tell me you're going
to do something for me?
Yeah, right.
OK?
And so what I'll ask
people to consider,
which is what I'm asking
you, is that while this
looks like a circle, another
way of describing a circle
is a ring, right?
Like a ring.
But another way of describing
a ring is a vibration.
Like when the phone
rings, it vibrates.
That's how we know it's ringing.
So what I'll say is
what we've got to do
is put ourselves
in the vibration,
the frequency, of what
it is that we do want.
And the way we do that
is very simply back
to metaphysical square one--
affirmations, taking those two
power words "I am"
and taking it off
of "I'm isolated,
I'm unconnected,
and putting it in front of what
we do want, "I'm activated."
And what we've got
to do is make sure
that our energy and
emotion is going only
on what is inside that circle.
If it's not inside
that circle or ring,
we don't want anything
to do with it.
We no longer want to sacrifice
our energy and emotion
for that.
And what that does is it starts
to open that gateway for us.
I use my cat Boo as
an example of this.
Boo and I like to play
with the light pen.
You put it on the ground,
and the cats go crazy.
And Boo loves to
chase the light.
The other cats don't want
anything to do with it.
Boo also likes catnip, so
there might be a connection.
[LAUGHTER]
But when Boo is focused
on that red beam of light
on that carpet there,
that's the perfect moment.
As far as Boo is concerned,
there is no past,
there's no future,
there's no questions.
He's going to get that light.
I know he's not, OK?
But hey, there's probably a
deity out there going, now,
I know William Henry
thinks he's going
to get that wormhole open,
but I know he's just like Boo.
But that's OK.
[LAUGHTER]
Because it's really all
about the journey, right?
The journey is the reward.
Actually, the perfect moment, no
past, no future, no questions,
I borrowed that
from Joe Montana.
You all know who Joe Montana is?
He's the Hall of
Fame quarterback
for the San Francisco 49ers.
And I heard him
interviewed one time,
and the guy asked him, Joe,
you're like unbelievable
when you're on the field.
I mean, people said you're
almost like supernatural.
How did you do it?
Could you slow time down?
How were you able to
perform those feats of magic
on the field?
And Joe said, hey, when I was
standing there with my guys,
we're talking, looking
at the goal line,
I had it in my head there was
no past, no future, no question
that I was going to
score that touchdown.
And the thing is, my
body knew how to do it.
I had that emotion in me.
I just had to get out
of the way of my body
and let the body do
what it knew how to do.
Well, I told this
story to Greg Braden
once in a Dreamland interview,
and he's like, wow, Joe Montana
is a quantum physicist?
It's like, yeah, that's exactly
what Joe Montana is describing,
is putting ourself in
this emotional state.
There's no past,
there's no future,
there's no question that
I'm going to get that light,
and I've just got to get my body
to do what I know it can do.
The fact of the matter is, Boo
catches it almost every time we
play.
He just doesn't tell me,
but I watch him do that.
So the bottom line
here is we've got
to focus on what we do want,
not what you don't want.
I've been saying this for,
I don't know-- Sarah Beth
and I have been reading
together for eight years.
And that's the only
thing I can tell
you-- focus on what you do
want, not what you don't want.
Well, recently
there's a DVD that's
come out called "The Secret."
And I'm watching this, and
it's a high production DVD.
What's the message of the DVD?
I mean, they got
Michael Beckwith,
they've got all these
other scientists.
Focus on what you do want,
not what you don't want.
And that's it.
That is the secret.
That is the secret
ring of Solomon, too.
It's focusing on
what we do want.
Well, what do we want?
Well, in "The Secret,"
oh, we want a new car.
Oh, come on.
That's so mundane.
And it's so first three chakras.
I couldn't believe they even
went there with it, you know?
[LAUGHTER]
Because what we do want is
to be in the right place
at the right time with the right
people, the right intentions
and the right actions.
And if you think
about it, if we're
in the right place at the right
time with the right people,
right intention, and right
action, what's our life like?
Hey, pretty dang good, isn't it?
We want to focus on the
field, know that we influence
all of this.
This is a mirror out here.
But this really is
what we do want.
Right personal choice,
right individual commitment,
right personal responsibility,
right personal judgment-- these
are the keynotes or
rungs of the ladder
that the initiates of Mithras
used to teach 2,000 years ago.
These enable the initiate
to scale the ladder.
So this is how we begin to
put ourselves in attunement
with these higher mysteries.
It's about thinking
the right thoughts,
being committed to ourselves
and to individuals,
and being personally
responsible for ourselves.
It sounds like I'm being a moral
person here, and it really is.
But I'm saying this is why
these teachings have lasted
for several thousand years.
They asked Buddha, hey, how
do you overcome suffering?
Buddha gave them the Eightfold
Path-- right thought,
right intention, right
action, so on and so forth.
It's repeated over and over
again, because what it does
is it puts us in that
higher, finer vibration.
And what that does is it
unites male and female.
On the left is an
Egyptian hieroglyph.
The Tet power pillar is male.
The key of life is female.
And when you put the
male and female together,
they're united on the ring with
the dot in the center, which
is the Egyptian hieroglyph
for enlightenment, which
is why I use it in my readings,
because that symbolizes
the light for us,
what we do want.
When we focus on
what we do want,
we emit a field
around our bodies
that begins to set up that
force of attraction that puts us
always in the right
place at the right time
with the right people
and the right action.
And this is where all this
business about effort and time
begins to evaporate.
Because what I'm
feeling is that when
we see them standing
in this rainbow ring,
I think that's the open mouth
or the gate of a wormhole.
And what we're trying to do in
terms of transforming ourselves
is literally step through
those gates, access the field.
And so at the top, it looks
like an Indiana Jones moment.
Remember in "Indiana
Jones the Last Crusade?"
Indy comes to this
place right here where
he's on one side
of the precipice,
the Holy Grail is hidden in
the cave on the other side.
And Indy he realizes
he can't use his whip,
he can't use his gun, he
can't beat somebody up
or steal something,
all the usual ways
he used to get what he
wanted in those movies.
Steven Spielberg was
brilliant in portraying
this moment of transformation
or ascension for Indiana Jones.
Because Indy realized
the only way for him
to get across that
precipice in that movie
was to take a single
step of faith.
He had to focus on
what he did want.
He didn't want his father to
die, played by Sean Connery,
had been shot by the Nazis.
And Indiana knew if
he got the Holy Grail,
he could save his father's life.
So he didn't want
his father to die.
He had to focus on what he
did want-- get the Grail,
save his father's life.
He was literally in a
life-and-death situation.
Now, when you and I
find ourselves alone,
isolated, stuck,
or whatever it is,
we're not technically in
a life-and-death situation
like Indiana Jones was,
but really, we are.
Because if we stay stuck,
alone, and isolated,
it's going to be a
form of a death for us.
So we've got to become
like Indiana Jones,
focus on what we do want,
unite our heart with our head,
then take the first step.
And I'm convinced that
what Indiana took that step
and there was the
solid-but-invisible bridge
linking the two sides, as
portrayed in the movie,
that's just as good
as opening a wormhole.
He opened a gateway
and stepped through it
across to the other side and
saved his father's life-- saved
his father's life.
At that point, Indiana
Jones was no longer
a rogue archaeologist.
He was a master.
He had mastered the law
"as above, so below."
And this is the secret
of raising ourselves
from the dead.
We are all dead on this realm.
This is the realm of the dead.
In case no one's mentioned
that to you before,
I thought you
might like to know.
This is the realm of the dead.
We're entering the
realm of the living,
of greater life by
absorbing these teachers.
And this is the primary
secret of raising ourselves.
As long as we remain unplugged
into that which we do want,
that which is above, we
master that which is below.
How do we overcome
fear and death?
By focusing on what we do
want, that which is above.
And the tower is
a representation
that we all can begin to utilize
by which we can ascend up
in graduated stages of
consciousness to the divine
and work in harmony with
divine consciousness
to bring down the glory of the
divine radiance into our bodies
so that it's
irradiated from above,
so becoming a citadel of
light in this lower realm.
Where we're all at is in
the middle point there.
We are at the very
apex, or close to it,
of human evolution, which means
what our role, our business,
is about is transforming
ourselves into conduits
to bring a higher vibrational
energy into this realm
so that then we can
begin to take it out
of the realm of fear and
terror and make this place
a realm of love.